today for Jaylen Williams. You losing a
lot of production, no doubt, and
leadership with Williams out, but the
long range play to start from Lou Dort
first round series in the playoffs.
Dort had the shot initially and now
leaves it inside with the dunk.
>> Good drop off by Dor getting
>> Brooks steps back beyond the line off
the heel. Another chance though. Booker
fade at the free throw line over
>> and those shots that allar who had 22 in
game one and then 23 in the other
>> and the bucket quickly at this end
>> play behind the defense that time
got it. First three of the game for the
Suns. One of six now.
>> Get their best player a nice look.
>> Mitchell taken away ahead of the pack.
Here comes Booker. The easy lay
eventually
>> with a smile on his face in this crowd
here.
So we're tied at 11.
SGA from the elbow just making it look
easy.
>> Unflapable, right? like he just gets to
his spots, pulls up when he wants to.
>> Right back at it the other way.
>> Homegriter
trying to stay with him. One footed fade
away got him. Pretty work.
>> I've seen that shoot the three.
Obviously
>> Brooks over Wallace just elevated with
that jumper.
>> He knew exactly where he wanted to go in
the area.
Wallace.
>> Yep. Got it. They're a little bit late.
>> SGA on the run. Again, that patience,
that hesitation.
>> He's just so at peace when he's OKC on a
6 80 run
>> shooting 63% from the floor. Alex,
>> just kind of measuring
>> that movie before. That was nice.
>> Wallace strong.
Come on. Malawatch in the game. Almost
ran that down. Just fell to Caruso for
an easy layup.
>> Hey, Caruso is living right.
>> Less than three minutes. It's like a
minute.
>> Oh,
yeah. We just roll or he'll just beat
you oneonone.
>> Green elevates the layin.
>> He is so fast.
>> Jared McCain
first time in off the bench here in game
three. Works his way on the baseline.
Chance for three.
got bumped. Holds on to it. Looking for
help.
>> Defense in the corner.
>> Brooks all over him. Back door. Mitchell
read it perfectly.
>> That was a fall asleep run to the
basket.
>> Mitchell with eight here in the first
half. Pump fake. Allen gets clear to the
baseline. Oh, knocks down a deep corner.
>> We like that one. Green. There's the
help.
Brooks spins, fades, buys it.
>> McCain who's fit in nicely with this
crew.
>> Little step back 15 before him being
more aggressive offensively, but it's
it's the team.
>> It's both. They work hand in hand. I
mean, you can't miss those kind of
opportunities when you're trying to
>> He got that one off the glass and
inaro's
back in. Yep. Brooks beyond the arc for
three.
>> And that's what else the mid-range shot
does. It lets you find a target so
you're feeling good about your shot
within allow the three-point shot to go
easier.
>> Double figures with 11 nifty movements.
>> That depth that Oklahoma City has as
well. Not only as a pretty lead from SGA
creating to homescing the issue, get in
foul trouble, the next guy steps up.
>> That depth and that trust they play
with. If you watch, SGA plays a lot of
iso ball, but it's not iso ball as Deon
Mo gets some shots to go. It's not iso
ball for him. It's iso ball for the
team. So, you're just getting space, but
if you come over, I have no problem
dropping it off or getting a layup as he
does right there. There was contact and
poker on the move around Gor in and out
the swing.
Good ball movement
on the finish.
Igodar the screen going to get it back
and the flush
>> straight down the lane
>> and right there
>> 4948 on the strength of a 70 run game
has kind of gone that way back and forth
with runs SGA
>> I'm not sure
>> good work behind on the baseline from
Kusco too just finding that spot two of
seven now for Grayson Allen
Quick, wisy for the jumper.
>> You figure out what works for you and it
works worldwide. That's aproof game. It
could work anywhere.
>> Gillespie got his own rebound and only
three timeouts left. A charge timeout as
well. Daro. Boy, a nice two man game
there as he rolls in straight to the
hood.
>> Should have been a rotation. He had
Devin Booker on his corner where he said
I didn't want to leave him and that's
why the Suns got it
>> up top. Hardenstein from Mitchell
>> and literally a wide open dunk
>> does happen. Isaiah Hartenstein, by the
way, just picked up his third foul.
Gillespie spots up for three.
You can feel it. A little bit of noise
and energy in this building now.
>> And that's what they're going to need.
They're going to need to give the crowd
reasons to get involved.
>> Boy, Gillespie all over SG.
>> And it can run a little bit more
smoother to alleviate this defense OKC's
provided.
>> Booker got knocked down on that back
door. He's still down at the other end.
Homegrren leaves it big to big left wide
open. The first miss for Alexander, but
he gets it right back.
>> I mean, it's just demoralizing.
>> The box out by Booker. Gets to a spot.
Knocks it down.
>> Challenge by Gordon. Still not
>> staying right here.
>> SGA floats sideways.
11 of 12, 25 in the game.
>> Yeah, he made that one.
>> Wiggins on the floor now trying to go by
Green. Gets him in the air. The easy
finger roll.
J Will up top. Got him there. Kusho.
Yep. Another one from the corner. Give
Mark Dn a lot Dn a lot of credit for
that to create that culture and that
belief. getting guys to buy in.
Available today to play. First time in
the series.
Green's got another puck. Make up.
>> Good pass. That's what we was talking
about earlier. Comes back to you.
>> Gets it back to Green. Got it again.
Jaylen Green having a big game. He's got
money.
>> And that's the trust we talked about
earlier. That's the teaching thing.
We're talking about that back and forth.
SGA
somehow someway
on the baseline. He had over 200 threes
throughout the year and doing it now in
the playoffs. Homegrren the spin creates
space. Igodaro just had no defense there
>> because you know where guys are and how
to use the counters and work against
them. Homegrren four of five from the
floor tonight. Brooks. Yep.
Backs off Homegrren a little bit.
taking away the turnover, giving it
back. SGA
thought about keeping it outside top
said, "No, I got a lane. I can do this."
>> They're fired up.
>> Fired up. Yes, he is.
>> Adding that total.
>> Taking away
Shane.
>> Even that got five and a half minutes to
change that.
>> But you are facing that man.
>> Am I going to say, "You know what? You
just got to do it. He's proven time and
time again he can do it.
>> He could get 40 taking only 20 shots and
three three-point shots and coming out
of the timeout.
>> You have to pick your poison as far as
guarding SGA. What are you going to take
away? What are you living to willing to
live with as knock down the first
>> All right, quick three
to the corner. Caruso nails another one.
Deep corner. Got him. And that was from
SGA.
>> And that's why SGA points at that. The
more I pass to you guys and the more you
knock down shots, eventually the more
space I'm going to get.
>> Brooks free throw line. This is a two.
That time for the Suns.
>> Here comes Phoenix Suns. Look for Brook
to get to the free throw line. Pull up.
Nope. They double.
>> George stay playing right with him.
Brooks got hit. Bam. The three and the
foul on SGA.
>> Dor
dagger.
SGA just controls the pace now.
>> Good pass.
Got that option. No, I mean the Suns
have played great. He got them fired up.
They're they're they just didn't have
enough. Good shot right there by Brooks
to to give a total, you know, fight
against this OKC team either.
>> And they're a close team, too. Having
fun here at the end.